[chore] update readme to show that this is a mono-repo (#129)
heimdalljs/heimdalljs: README.md

 here is pragmatically negligible, and counters are ideal for situations
 in which the overhead of a timer is enough to significantly alter stats.

## Getting started

> Checkout [heimdalljs](packages/heimdalljs) for more info on getting started and installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [heimdalljs](packages/heimdalljs) for more info on getting started and installed.
```
